Why hello there and welcome to the Cheese
Strat Archive, a show dedicated to showing
you
exactly how to completely ruin the game for
the enemy team.
In this episode I will cover my favorite "adc
shutdown" botlane. Fiddlesticks and Jarvan
also special thanks to Phy for inspiration
to do this video. His channel is in the description.
Let's get started, Fiddle and Jarvan botlane
is all about trying to piss off and shutdown
the opposing teams botlane.
For pulling this off You'll need
A buddy to lane with. Runes and masteries
as shown on the screen right now
and a complete and utter lack of empathy for
the enemy botlane
I start of with a dorans ring and a couple
of healthpots and my friend playing Jarvan
starts of with a fortpot, a health potion
and a ward. We start of the lane by constantly
harassing them down before going in. Inititally
Jinx survives with a small amount of hp but
we end up grabbing the kill and getting away.
Both of us also grabbed flash ignite but in
retrospect it might have been better for one
of us to have exhaust
either way, after dying once to a gank from
zed and having picked up another dorans ring,
Nunu comes to in for a gank. This clip displays
the ridiculous amount of crowd control this
setup has. We end up grabbing the kill on
thresh
I max E then Q in this game and I rush a "Seeker's
Armguard" after getting double dorans. I
then turn the armguard into an hourglass before
going into a standard fiddlesticks build with
Items like Abyssal Scepter and Spirit of the
Spectral wraith.
Jarvan rushes a dorans blade then a brutalizer
before going for a Ravenous Hydra and Last
Whisper aswell as upgrading the brutalizer
to a black cleaver, of course you can go with
whatever build suits you and/or your team.
This is just my recommendation
The reason this botlane is so good is both
the aforementioned crowd control aswell as
the amazing kill potential. You can easily
get a kill at level two with Jarvans E-Q combo
chained with Fiddles fear but once level 6
is acquired. Shit gets ridiculous.
We absolutely smash the enemy botlane and
end up winning despite our nunu disconnecting
at level 5. I really recommend trying this
out for a cheap win sometime!
I hope you enjoyed the video, if you did please
show it by dropping a like and commenting
something positive because that is really
motivating. you can also subscribe for more
videos to come. Have a nice day!